Remove weak declaration from user property of Functions struct (#7047)
realm/realm-cocoa: CHANGELOG.md

* Fast-enumerating a List after deleting the parent object would crash with an
  assertion failure rather than a more appropriate exception.
  ([Core #4114](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/issues/4114), since v5.0.0).

> * Fix an issue with the user in Functions which can be nil if no strong reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix an issue where calling a MongoDB Realm Function would never be performed as the reference to the weak `User` was lost.
```

  is held due to it being weak.

> 

Reviewer: extra text here
